hey Pam Nina here thank you so much for
subscribing to my YouTube channel if you
have specific questions marketing
related you want me to address comment
below
I'm usually very quick to reply here's
the deal no matter how much you read
listen to podcasts or 10 sessions you
probably still feel that it's hard to
pinpoint the best practices that a
tailor made for your job and how your
company does marketing
well that's because there's no
one-size-fits-all solution out there we
all do marketing differently even though
we use the same channels you need to
personalize the marketing strategy that
is uniquely you and your company
say for example your company has dialed
every marketing channel you usually use
then you need to think through how your
customers interact with each of those
channels obviously different customers
interact with your channels at different
times depending on their purchase stages
when you start thinking about it you'll
realize there are millions of
combination in terms of how your
customers interact with various
marketing channels of yours from
Discovery at the beginning all the way
to the purchase at the end
you simply can't control how your
customers discover or engage with you
but what you can control is when you
bleed the customer Journey should look
like and how they are likely to use your
channels at different stages
build your content and communication
based on that I encourage my clients and
attendees who come to my session to have
an established point of view on how you
should do your marketing strategy
then use the data you collect to refine
that point of view as you go
that's where things start to feel a
little bit more tailor-made
so have a point of view to start then
fine tune from there
if you want to brainstorm your unique
marketing efforts or discuss your
specific challenges schedule a call with
me let's chat okay
take care bye